feat(appset): Add support for self-signed TLS / Certificates for Gitlab Scm Provider (#14348)
argoproj/argo-cd: docs/operator-manual/applicationset/Generators-SCM-Provider.md

        tokenRef:
          secretName: gitlab-token
          key: token

>         # If true, allows for self-signed TLS certificates

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        # If true, skips validating the SCM provider's TLS certificate - useful for self-signed certificates.
```

* `allBranches`: By default (false) the template will only be evaluated for the default branch of each repo. If this is true, every branch of every repository will be passed to the filters. If using this flag, you likely want to use a `branchMatch` filter.
* `includeSubgroups`: By default (false) the controller will only search for repos directly in the base group. If this is true, it will recurse through all the subgroups searching for repos to scan.
* `tokenRef`: A `Secret` name and key containing the GitLab access token to use for requests. If not specified, will make anonymous requests which have a lower rate limit and can only see public repositories.

> * `insecure`: By default (false) - Allow for self-signed TLS certificates.
> 
> You can configure self-signed TLS certificates for Gitlab by [mounting self-signed certificate to the applicationset controller](./Add-self-signed-TLS-Certs.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `insecure`: By default (false) - Skip checking the validity of the SCM's certificate -useful for self-signed TLS certificates.

As a preferable alternative to setting `insecure` to true, you can configure self-signed TLS certificates for Gitlab by [mounting self-signed certificate to the applicationset controller](./Add-self-signed-TLS-Certs.md).
```
